My family were nonpracticing Catholics,
so I was never taught to believe in God.
I trusted my teachers more than anyone else,
so I accepted
and loved the theory of evolution.
When I was 19, a childhood friend
who had become one
of Jehovah’s Witnesses started to call on me.
I liked talking to him, but when
he spoke to me about God, I told him,
“Please, stop talking about God
because I don’t believe in him.”
He never gave up on me.
He asked, “Why won’t you,
just for a moment,
entertain a conversation about God?”
This question made me think.
I had rejected his arguments
without even listening to them.
I didn’t want to give the impression
of being arrogant or stubborn.
So I thought, ‘Why not let him speak?’
He used the book Life—How Did It Get Here?
By Evolution or by Creation?
It was as if a veil
had been lifted from my eyes.
That was the moment Jehovah
introduced himself to me.
Finally, I understood
that my life has a purpose.
I regret that I didn’t know Jehovah
for the first 20 years of my life.
My relationship with Jehovah is without doubt
the most precious thing I have.
I am determined to witness
about Jehovah to everyone I meet,
especially to those without faith,
so that they too can appreciate
the wonderful qualities of our Creator.